Fix ephemeral storage release note (#1455)
astronomer/docs: astro/release-notes.md

:::

### Additional improvements

- In the Cloud UI, cluster selection menus are now alphabetized.

### Bug fixes

> - Fixed an issue where the KubernetesPodOperator was not aware of available ephemeral storage in `m5d` and `m6id` worker nodes, resulting in Pods being evicted for to free up storage even when there was enough available storage for tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the KubernetesPodOperator was not aware of available ephemeral storage in `m5d` and `m6id` worker nodes. This issue resulted in Pods being evicted to free up storage even when there was enough available storage for tasks.
```
